General
Repository name
repo6
Template repository 
Template repositories let users generate new repositories with the same directory structure and files. Learn more about template repositories.

Require contributors to sign off on web-based commits 
Enabling this setting will require contributors to sign off on commits made through GitHub’s web interface. Signing off is a way for contributors to affirm that their commit complies with the repository's terms, commonly the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO). Learn more about signing off on commits.

Default branch
The default branch is considered the “base” branch in your repository, against which all pull requests and code commits are automatically made, unless you specify a different branch.

main
Social Preview
Upload an image to customize your repository’s social media preview.

Images should be at least 640×320px (1280×640px for best display).
Download template

 Edit
Features
Wikis 
Wikis host documentation for your repository.

Restrict editing to collaborators only 
Public wikis will still be readable by everyone.

Issues 
Issues integrate lightweight task tracking into your repository. Keep projects on track with issue labels and milestones, and reference them in commit messages.

Get organized with issue templates
Give contributors issue templates that help you cut through the noise and help them push your project forward.

Sponsorships   
Sponsorships help your community know how to financially support this repository.

Display a "Sponsor" button
Add links to GitHub Sponsors or third-party methods your repository accepts for financial contributions to your project.

Preserve this repository 
Include this code in the GitHub Archive Program.

Discussions 
Discussions is the space for your community to have conversations, ask questions and post answers without opening issues.

Get started with Discussions
Engage your community by having discussions right in your repository, where your community already lives

Projects 
Projects on GitHub are created at the repository owner's level (organization or user) and can be linked to a repository's Projects tab. Projects are suitable for cross-repository development efforts such as feature work, complex product roadmaps or even Issue triage.

Pull Requests
When merging pull requests, you can allow any combination of merge commits, squashing, or rebasing. At least one option must be enabled. If you have linear history requirement enabled on any protected branch, you must enable squashing or rebasing.

Allow merge commits 
Add all commits from the head branch to the base branch with a merge commit.

Default commit message presented when merging a pull request with merge.

Allow squash merging 
Combine all commits from the head branch into a single commit in the base branch.

Default commit message presented when merging a pull request with squash.

Allow rebase merging 
Add all commits from the head branch onto the base branch individually.

Control how and when users are prompted to update their branches if there are new changes available in the base branch.

Always suggest updating pull request branches 
Whenever there are new changes available in the base branch, present an “update branch” option in the pull request.

You can allow setting pull requests to merge automatically once all required reviews and status checks have passed.

Allow auto-merge 
Waits for merge requirements to be met and then merges automatically. Learn more

After pull requests are merged, you can have head branches deleted automatically.

Automatically delete head branches 
Deleted branches will still be able to be restored.

Archives
When creating source code archives, you can choose to include files stored using Git LFS in the archive.

Include Git LFS objects in archives 
Git LFS usage in archives is billed at the same rate as usage with the client.

Pushes
Limit how many branches and tags can be updated in a single push Beta 
Pushes will be rejected if they attempt to update more than this. Learn more about this setting, and send us your feedback.

Danger Zone
Change repository visibility
This repository is currently public.
	Change visibility

Disable branch protection rules
Disable branch protection rules enforcement and APIs
	Disable branch protection rules.

Transfer ownership
Transfer this repository to another user or to an organization where you have the ability to create repositories.
	Transfer

Archive this repository
Mark this repository as archived and read-only.
	Archive this repository

Delete this repository
Once you delete a repository, there is no going back. Please be certain.
	Delete this repository
